## Week
[] Finish Supercell AI application.
[] New version of ClaudeNews
[] World model running on Pi.
[] World model improved results + 1-step + new game.
[] Discover alternative to W&Bs.

## 16_02_2026
[] World model game:
  [x] Run maze training session (64x64) with 4-patch size ~and 1.5x embedding.~
    - did it with 4-patch and standard embedding size. Results for position-based are good. Velocity results work but there is visible jittery noise.
  [x] Run upscale model for maze.
  [] Run 32x32 walker low-res on Raspberry Pi.
[x] Supercell:
  [x] Create a first-draft of the website landing page.
    - https://slunkland.netlify.app/
  - created a plan for the rest of the supercell application:
    - section 1: screenshots of the game + video + description.
    - section 2: pictures of the hardware and the game running on the hardware.
    - section 3: team information.
    - section 4: FAQ.
ALSO:
  - got raspberry pi displaying images on the LCD screen.
## 17_02_2026
[] World model game:
  [x] get 4-frame maze inference running.
  [x] make maze-game variation where there are doors that are interacted with 'E'.
    - we need to create a random probability of interaction of pressing 'E' and also when near a door?
  [] make a billboard bernband game in a fixed room:
    - collection also collects the rel pos + type of the characters.
  [] setup a model that takes in rel pos conditioning of characters (using either flat vector input or a transformer + embedding pipeline). If we do, say, 8 characters, flat embedding should be fine.
[x] Supercell:
  [x] Write up sections of the website.
  [x] Add FAQ section with questions & answers.
ALSO:
  - got raspberry pi onnxruntime + cpu maze 64x64 running at 5 FPS!
## 18_02_2026
[] World model game:
  [] make entity-stable demo game & collect data.
  [] start training of entity-position model.
[] Supercell:
  [] get first-version videos and gifs on the website as placeholders -- use maze game for now.
## 19_02_2026
## 20_02_2026
## 21_02_2026
## 22_02_2026
